Machine and item name ideas, for maximum ridiculousness.

Furnace = Smeltifier
Crusher = Crushinator
Fortune machine = ???
Mob grinder = Mechanical Slayer
Crystal growth thing = Saturating Multiplizer
Dragon's breath generator = Stinky Extractor


More later perhaps?







Also, we should discuss machine components. 

So I'll start listing things that I think each machine would need.

Furnace: Power Input Component (fuelbox, electrical heating coil, EU heating coil, etc), Casing, Insulation.
Crusher: Power Input Component, Grinding head, Casing
Fortune Machine: Power Input Component, Fluid Tank, Grinding Head, Knowledge Condenser, Casing
Mob Grinder: Power Input Component, Fluid Tank, Guillotine Head, Casing
Crystal Growth Thing: Power Input Component, Fluid Tank, Agitator, Casing
Dragon's breath generator: Power Input Component, Dragon Head, Fluid Tank, Casing
Fluid Saturator: Agitator, Power Input Component, Fluid Tank, Casing, Stopper

Original machine ideas:

Fluid Saturator: Combines water with certain materials in order to duplicate them with the crystal growth thing.
    General setup would be Saturator-> Crystal Grower -> Fortune Machine




Planned modifier blocks, and how they may work:
Each modifier block can be made from any of the mod's materials.
Each modifier has a small effect, but is able to be multiplied by up to 26.
Each modifier is made by placing the modifier item into a casing in-world. The material of the casing determines the effectiveness of some modifiers.


Speed modifier
Efficiency modifier
Daisy chain modifier (allows connected machines to share a single power input, and serves as a power input)
Interfacing modifier (allows the player to right-click a casing block and access connected machine GUI's via a tinkers' esque tab system)
Overproduction modifier (allows a greater secondary output chance from machines that have that function)
Fluid Tank modifier (expands fluid capacity of connected machines)



Machine Components. Each machine will have a machine specific component.
Casing. The basic block that contains a machine. Can also be placed in-world to contain a singular itemstack (used for modifiers).
Power Input Component. This determines the type of power that a machine can receive. Fuelbox uses furnace fuels, Electrical and EU coils would use Forge Energy and EU respectively
Insulation. Furnace only. Determines the efficiency of smelting. Better insulation is better at retaining heat.
Grinding Head. Fortune Machine and Crusher only. Determines efficiency of their respective machines.
Knowledge Condenser. Fortune Machine Only. Materials determine how much the maximum fortune amount will be, on a sliding scale. Some things will have a maximum fortune amount.
Fluid Tank. Can be placed in-world, capacity determined by materials used. Determines machines' fluid capacity. 
Agitator. Crystal Grower Only. materials determine efficiency of machine.
Stopper. Fluid Saturator Only. Determines efficiency/loss in fluid production.
Power Output Component. Any power-generating machine. Determines the type of power output by this machine, as well as affecting efficiency.







WE NEED TO DISCUSS POWER GENERATION. All of the machines would be usable with just coal, but we need to come up with something moderately interesting for 
creating FE/EU, or at least a solution of some sort.
